## Intuition

Preliminary comment: We are interested in finding the largest possible winning of a passenger regardless of how other passengers play. This means that each time an opponing passenger is playing we need to assume that it could play the turn that will result in the least winning for the target passenger. In our DP-solution we will therefore consider that an opponent always chooses the worst option for our target passenger. This way we can make sure that no matter what the opponents play, the target passenger will always at least get the winning of the worst path.
If however it's the target's passenger's choice, he can always choose the option (chopping left or right) that will result in the highest winning for him if he goes along that path. Note that this doesn't mean of only comparing the two elements at the ends but the whole recursive path that would follow along that way.

We will solve the problem as a DP solution using a 2-dimensional matrix, which we will fill diagonal by diagonal. An entry M\[left\]\[right\] will hold the maximum possible gains of the target passenger when we consider the sequence s_{left} , ... , s_{right}. An entry will then be updated as follows: If it is the target player's turn: M\[left\]\[right\] = max(M\[left+1\]\[right\] + s_{left}, M\[left\]\[right-1\] + s_{right}), and if it is the opponent's turn M\[left\]\[right\] = min(M\[left+1\]\[right\], M\[left\]\[right-1\]). In both cases we decrease the sequence either by one element on the left or one element on the right. For the tartget passenger we need to add up the gains he gets by choping one of the ends. By going diagonal by diagonal, we first consider of chopping sequences of length 1, then length 2, length 3 and so on until we reach the full sequence. The final solution will be in M\[0\]\[n-1\] where n is the length of the sequence.

The initialization of the main diagonal is either all 0 if it's the opponent's turn or the respective elements of the sequence if it's the targets passenger's turn.