tags: Max Flow Min Cost

## Intuition
The description of the problem is rather straightforward and it should immediately become clear that this problem is about finding a maximum weighted matching between the boats and the sailors. The best algorithms for genral graphs to calculate a maximum weighted matching run in O(nm+n^2log(n)) where `n` is the number of nodes and `m` is the number of edges but they rely on an efficient algorithm for solving the nearest ancestor problem on trees. The boost library doesn't provide such an algorithm and its implementation for finding a max weighted matching runs in O(n^3) which is to slow for the last testcase considering that we would have a node for each boat and each sailor in the graph.

We can however solve this problem using the Max Flow Min Cost algorihtm. As ususal in order to use this algorithm we need to make sure that we control the value of the flow, because the algorithm will first try to find a max flow and only then pick the cheapest among all max flows. If we can however ensure that the flow is the same among each time we can set the weights in such a way that we can obtain a max value and choose the edge capacities in a way that we end up with a matching, i.e no boat/sailor ends up in more than one pairing.
We choose the value of the flow to be equal to the number of boats. We introudce a node for each boat and add an edge from the source to the boat node with a capacity equal to 1 (the boat should end up in at most one pairing). We set the cost of the edge to `50` which corresponds to the maximal value the spectacle coefficient can take (guaranteed by the problem description). Let us also introduce a node for each sailor. We add an edge from each boat to all sailor nodes for which there is a potential matching given in the input. The capacity of all these edges is set to `1` and the cost to `50 - c_{b,s}` where `c_{b,s}` is the spectacle coefficient for the pair formed of boat `b` and sailor `s`. We will however also add an edge from the boat node straight to the sink with a capacity of 1 and a weight equal to `2*50`. This edge should represent the option of not chosing this boat at all but still guarantee that the flow value will be equal to the number of boats. Note also that the cost is set to twice the maximum spectacle coefficient, because we "skip" the sailor nodes and pass straight to the sink. From each sailor node we add an edge of capacity 1 to the sink (each sailor is part of at most one pairing) and we set its cost to `50`. Thus at each boat node the flow can decide to either go straight to the sink and pay the price of 100 or it can find a cheaper cost by choosing a pairing for this boat and pass thorught the corresponding Sailor node.

The maximum sum of spectacle coefficients (aka the final result) can be obtained by `50 * 3 * num_boats - cost` where `cost` is the vlaue returned by the `boost::successive_shortest_path_nonnegative_weights` algorithm.