Disclaimer: largely inspired from [here](https://github.com/simon-hrabec/Algolab-2020/tree/main/problems/Week%2005%20PotW%20-%20Motorcycles)

## Intuition
In order to solve this and especially the 4th set of test cases we will proceed in the following steps
- We start by ordering the rides by decreasing `y0`
- Forward loop (remove rides with a positive slope): Suppose two rides `r1` and `r2` with slope `s1` and `s2` > 0 respectively. We will remove ride `r2` if its slope is steeper than the one from `r1`. The reason is because of the steeper slope it will have a longer distance to the intersection point. The idea behind is to successively search for the most horizontal line (we consider the absolute value of the slope) as this is the one that will discard most other rides. An horizontal line will discard all rides below with a positive slope. So when iterating forward over the rides we always compare the slope of the current ride `r2` to the most "flat/horizontal" ride `r1` encountered so far. Potentially we have found an even flatter ride in absolute value in which case either the two rides never cross because they diverge or they actually cross and the current ride `r2` discards the previous ride `r1`. In both cases we will only update the most flat ride found so far and leave the latter case (*) for the backward loop. Note that the latter case can only occur in case the slope of `r1` is negative.
- Backward loop (remove rides with a negative slope): We follow the same idea as in the forward loop only that this time we're interested in discarding the rides with a negative slope and will therefore have to adjust the conditions of discartion accordingly. Again we will succesively look for the current most flat ride encountered so far. A current ride `r2` is discarded if its slope `s2` is more negative than the slope `s1` of the current most horizontal ride `r1`. This is again because `r2` has a longer distance to the intersection point. Note that this now also includes the case (*) from the forward iteration where we did not discarded the ride. In addition we now take care of the cases where both rides have an equal slope in absolute values and cross. The distance to the intersection is equal for both rides and we will discard the ride with higher value `y0` which comes from the "left".

Note that we have to use `CGAL::Gmpq` for calculating the slopes, as `doubles` are not precise enough.