tags: Max Flow Min Cost

## Intuition
In order to solve this problem using the Max Flow Min Cost algorithm there are a few things to note:
- we need to guarantee that we control the value of the flow and such that it is always the same. The algorithm will first try to maximize the flow and only then will it pick the cheapest in terms of cost among all of them. We will the total number of cars in the system to be our flow value, i.e the sum of all cars in each station at the start.
- We will replicate each station across time. However we will only replicate a station among the timestamps that mater, note that the time value can grow up to 100'000 and if we would replicate each station that many times our graph would be way too large for running the max flow min cost algorithm. We're "lucky" that even test 5 only has a fairly small amount of different timestamps in each station where there is either an arrival or a departure. I initally thought this is not a valid assumption to make and we need to assume that there could indeed be 100'000 different timestamps for each station. Anyways we can drastically reduce the number of timestamps that matter and have each station be replicated among its most important one.
- Between any two relevant time stamps for a given station we will add an edge whose capacitiy is equal to the total number of cars in the system.
- For a given booking that goes from `src` to `dest` starting at `start` and arriving at `end` we will add an edge that goes from the `start` node of the replicated `src` station to the `end` node of the replicated `dest` station. It will have a capacitiy of one.
- To maximize for costs, we will minimize its negative counter part but we need to ensure that the costs are positive in order to use the `successive_shortest_path_nonnegative_weights` algorithm. We need to take the time into account that a given booking takes. If there is a booking from `start` to `end` we need to set the cost such that the flow prefers to take the booking rather than simply be forwarded over the normal edges. We will thus choose the price as follows `max_profit * time_diff - booking_profit`, where `max_profit` is the maximum profit among all bookings, `time_diff = end - start` and `booking_profit` is the profit of the given booking. The normal edges will simply be given a cost equal to `max_profit - time_diff`. This way it is more beneficial to take the booking in order to proceed towards the sink rather than simply use the normal edges.
